---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Inspired because of Programing: The Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2025-01-31
published: true
labels:
  - Technical Essay
  - Answers
  - Software Engineering
---
<br/>
I always had an interest in STem, in otherwords Science. Previously I was a mechanical engineering mahor. I started at the University of Hawaii at Hil and it was required as a pre-engineering major to take a computer science class. It was my first time experiencing programing and it honestly felt like jumping in the deep end of pool when I fumbled my way through C++. My professor was very patient and he noticed that I wasn't half bad at programing, He suggested that I should try to switch over my major but I decided to stick out engineering. Fast forward a couple years later and now I find myself majoring in computer science. During my major switch I researed different fields of CS, some fields like Data Science, Cyber Security, Software Development, Software Engineering. Prior to knowing anything about coding, I always had hollywood view of programming. I imagined myself in a hoodie, typing away at my keyboard in the late hours, but as I looked a little deeper I noticed that there is a lot more to computer sscience that meets the eye.
<br/>
In a way, Softwre Engineering is an art form. Although there is a technical aspect to these skills, I noticed the power of those who can imagine and replicate that inside of a computer. I have always been a gaming nerd. I enjoyed the aspects of how the visual layout of games throughout the years, increasingly becoming better overtime. It’s inspiring to see developers in their field, increase their knowledge and pioneered new worlds that we read in books or movies. The creation of interactive characters and new places was due to a team of engineers and developers that wanted to tell a story but in a different way. I believe that what drew me into the computer science field, especially in software development and engineering. Video games did play a roll in these decision when I switched my major but I believe my reason for becoming a student in computer science is because I enjoy creating things and problem solving. 
<br/>
I hope during this class, ICS 314, I am able to develop and strengthen my programing skills and eventually use the things that I learned into a future career path. There are many different types of computer science, Software engineering being one of them. Understandably, this course and major are difficult, But I am determined to learn and grow from this experience of this class. Hopefully, I can look back on my time in ICS 314 and be proud how far I come.
